docs: update Logging section in `README` and `CONTRIBUTING.md` (#852)
eclipse/thingweb.node-wot: README.md

### Logging

Logging in node-wot is implemented via the [`debug`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/debug) package.
This allows users to enable log messages for specific logging levels (`info`, `debug`, `warn`, or `error`) or packages.
Which log messages are emitted is controlled by the `DEBUG` environment variable.

In the following, we will show a couple of examples for its usage using wildcard characters (`*`).
Note, however, that the syntax for setting an environment variable depends on your operating system and the terminal you use.

> See the `debug` documentation linked above for more details on platform-specific differences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [`debug` documentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/debug) for more details on platform-specific differences.
```

#### Examples

First, you can enable all log messages by setting `DEBUG` to a wildcard like so:

```sh
DEBUG=* npm start
```

To only show `node-wot`-specific logging messages, prefix the wildcard with `node-wot`:

```sh
DEBUG=node-wot* npm start
```

To only show a specific log level, use one of `info`, `debug`, `warn`, or `error` as the suffix.
Note in this context that you can provide multiple values for `DEBUG`.
For example, if you want to show only `debug` and `info` messages, you can use the following:

```sh
DEBUG='*debug,*info' npm start
```

Finally, you can choose to only display log messages from a specific `node-wot` package.
For example, if you only want to see log messages for the `core` package, use the following:

```sh
DEBUG=node-wot:core* npm start
```

Using the log levels above, you can also apply more fine-grained parameters for logging.
For instance, if you only want to see `error` messages from the `binding-coap` package, use this:

```sh

> DEBUG=node-wot:binding-coap*debug npm start

Reviewer 2: I think it should be 

DEBUG=node-wot:binding-coap*error npm start

Author: Thank you, fixed in 73a8da2f206ca232323ff5ca709ffe622ab358a0 :)

```

#### Adding logging functionality to a package

If you are contributing a new binding, please use the `createLoggers` function from the `core` package for adding logging functionality to your package.
The function accepts an arbitrary number of arguments that will be mapped to `debug` namespaces.
In the example below, the `createLoggers` function will map its arguments `binding-foo` and `foo-server` to the namespace `node-wot:binding-foo:foo-server`.
The resulting functions `debug`, `info`, `warn`, and `error` will append their log-level to this namespace when creating the actual log message.
This enables filtering as described in the section before.

```ts
import { createLoggers } from "@node-wot/core";
const { debug, info, warn, error } = createLoggers("binding-foo", "foo-server");

function startFoo() {
    info("This is an info message!");
    debug("This is a debug message!");
    warn("This is a warn message!");
    error("This is an error message!");
}

> ```

Reviewer: This content should be inside the Contributing.md file and here we should only give a referenced to the relevant section. We can move the section later.

Author: Oh, yeah, that is a good idea! :)

Author: Hmm, I suppose we could add a new section like "Adding a new Protocol Binding" to the `Contributing.md` for this purpose?

Reviewer: > Hmm, I suppose we could add this to a new section like "Adding a new Protocol Binding", containing also more general instructions for implementors?

Yes, good point!

Reviewer 2: Makes sense to move.
